[ENH] Document `bagel derivatives` command, add harmonized variables list (#235)
neurobagel/documentation: docs/cli.md

# The Neurobagel CLI

> The `bagel-cli` is a simple Python command-line tool to automatically parse and describe subject phenotypic and imaging attributes in an annotated dataset for integration into the Neurobagel graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `bagel-cli` is a simple Python command-line tool to automatically parse and describe 
subject-level  phenotypic and imaging attributes in an annotated dataset 
for integration into the Neurobagel graph.
```
subject-level is clearer to me

    If you have instead locally built an image, replace `neurobagel/bagelcli` in commands with your built image tag.

### Input files
The Neurobagel CLI can compile information from several different data sources to create a single harmonized representation of subject data. To run the CLI on a dataset, you will need:

<div class="annotate" markdown>
- [A phenotypic TSV](./data_prep.md)
- [A Neurobagel JSON data dictionary](./dictionaries.md) for the TSV
- (Optional) The imaging dataset in [BIDS](https://bids-specification.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) format, if subjects have imaging data available (1)
- (Optional) A TSV containing subject statuses for any image processing pipelines that have been run, following the [Nipoppy processing status file schema](https://nipoppy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/schemas/index.html#bagel-file) (2)
    

> Note: The CLI does not require a BIDS dataset to accept a processing status file, and vice versa.

Reviewer: I find this note confusing, but I also don't have a short way that is clearer. How about we just scrap the note, as the `(Optional)` part is already saying the same thing

</div>

> 1. A valid BIDS dataset is needed for the CLI to automatically generate harmonized raw imaging metadata for subjects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To generate harmonized raw imaging metadata for subjects, the CLI needs a valid BIDS dataset.
```

Reviewer: This makes it clearer that the file is still optional

> 2. This file is used by the CLI to generate harmonized processing pipeline and derivative metadata for subjects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. This file is used by the CLI when generating harmonized processing pipeline and derivative metadata for subjects.
```

It has compatibility with the [Nipoppy](https://nipoppy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html) workflow, and can be automatically generated using the [Nipoppy pipeline trackers](https://nipoppy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user_guide/tracking.html).

### Viewing CLI commands and options

The `bagel-cli` has different commands:

- `pheno`
- `bids`
- `derivatives`

> To view the general CLI help and information about the commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At minimum, you must run the `pheno` command to extract phenotypic metadata about subjects.
You can then optionally expand this information by adding imaging metadata with the `bids` command,
and/or adding processing metadata with the `derivatives` command.

To view the general CLI help and information about the commands:
```
